alright today I'm be showing you the new
copy trans manager from the company copy
trends they make copy trance allows you
to take your iPod music and back it up
to your computer but this one will let
you take your computer music backing up
to your iPod it's a very simple and it's
basically an alternative iTunes it also
works with your videos as well and it
works as iPhone and iPhone 3G and I'm
assuming the 3GS coming out and
basically I'll give you a little preview
what it says here that copy Transnet you
just go there I think and it will bring
you right to your little recommended
software here download that and it says
sake of iTunes it's a too complex and
slow for your needs looking for a faster
lighter free alternative iPod manager
copy transfer forgot replacement for
iPhone and iPod Touch basically allows
you to do a bunch so if you can even
listen to music right from your iPhone
and iPod I mean that's pretty cool
because you can't do that on itunes or
anywhere else so we're going to go ahead
and free download and it's gonna bring
you to the copy trance suit their suite
or whatever and you're going to download
it and there it is I just downloaded
that so you're gonna open that up run it
let's go look like this and you're
basically just going to click here it
will download it they'll see like a
little progress bar going that's already
happened I'm not going to do that and if
you already have a copy trance saying
you want to sit like update like I can
update this right now and it'll download
and update
okay then we're going to do you're just
going to click here launch the
application now let's save to connect
your iPod I just did that text it and
put in about 10 seconds or so and here's
all my music so I can just scroll around
look at all my music I can even play it
here and now it's playing but if your
files are m4a which are like a CC I
believe yeah as iTunes refers to them it
won't play automatically because it's
not the quartet the codec is the support
on a computer so all you got to do is
basically Google k-lite codec pack first
link I'll go over the K - light codec
pack right there and I even want to
download it go right to download right
there pick the second one
alright so now you're going to go and I
did the direct download - it seems to
work better I don't know what it is so
that's going to download you're just
going to run this very simple just next
next next next next pretty much and then
probably play some registry stuffs can
change some stuff just go ahead and do
it it's not a virus
alright so now that we're in copy trance
manager basically what's great about
this go to your friend's house download
this take some of music with you take at
home use copy trans put it right back on
your computer you can share music but
make sure it's legal you got to be got
it you want to make it legal now it even
knows how many times I've played some of
the songs which is kind of cool
so yeah
they got all the stuff a works of iPod
iPod Touch iPhone iPhone 3G like is when
I'm using so go ahead try it out browse
around very simple to use you can edit
your playlists so yeah please subscribe
thank you